TP1 - Packet Tracer - Logical and Physical Mode Exploration
What are the subcategories for Network Devices?
Routers, Switches, Hubs, Wireless Devices, Security, WAN Emulation

What devices use a wired connection to connect to switch ALS2?
WebServer, Access_Point, ASL1

Which device is connected to Access_Point?
Laptop_1

Where is the device connected to Access_Point physically located?
On the table


Course 1.2 - Check Your Understanding - Network Components
1. Which of the following is the name for all computers connected to a network that participate directly in network communication?
 □ servers
 □ intermediary devices
 ✓ hosts
 □ media
 
2. When data is encoded as pulses of light, which media is being used to transmit the data?
 □ wireless
 ✓ Fiber-optic cable
 □ copper cable
 
3. Which two devices are intermediary devices? (Choose two)
 □ hosts
 ✓ routers
 □ servers
 ✓ switches
 
 
Course 1.3 - Check Your Understanding - Network Representations and Topologies
Which connection physically connects the end device to the network?
 □ Port
 ✓ NIC 
 □ Interface
 
Which connections are specialized ports on a networking device that connect to individual networks?
 □ Port
 □ NIC 
 ✓ Interface
 
Which type of network topology lets you see which end devices are connected to which intermediary devices and what media is being used?
 □ Physical topology 
 ✓ Logical topology
 
Which type of network topology lets you see the actual location of intermediary devices and cable installation?
 ✓ Physical topology
 □ Logical topology


Course 1.4 - Vérifiez votre compréhension - Types de réseaux communs
Which network infrastructure provides access to users and end devices in a small geographical area, which is typically a network in a department in an enterprise, a home, or small business?
 □ Extranet
 □ Intranet
 ✓ LAN
 □ WAN

Which network infrastructure might an organization use to provide secure and safe access to individuals who work for a different organization but require access to the organization’s data?
 ✓ Extranet
 □ Intranet
 □ LAN
 □ WAN

Which network infrastructure provides access to other networks over a large geographical area, which is often owned and managed by a telecommunications service provider?
 □ Extranet
 □ Intranet
 □ LAN
 ✓ WAN


TP2 - Packet Tracer - Network Representation
List the intermediary device categories.
Routers, Switches, Hubs, Wireless Devices, Security, WAN Emulation

Without entering into the internet cloud or intranet cloud, how many icons in the topology represent endpoint devices (only one connection leading to them)?
15

Without counting the two clouds, how many icons in the topology represent intermediary devices (multiple connections leading to them)?
11

How many end devices are not desktop computers?
8

How many different types of media connections are used in this network topology?
4

Based on your studies so far, explain the client-server model.
Hosts with server software installed are known as server. Hosts with software that allows him to browse trhough server are known as Client. A Client can become a server if he install a server software.

List at least two functions of intermediary devices
A intermediary devices can regenerate and retransmit connection and maintain path that exists trough the network.

List at least two criteria for choosing a network media type.
The require speed and amount of data, the distance covered by the media, cost and installation.

Explain the difference between a LAN and a WAN. Give examples of each.
LAN is for a limited area like a home or a school. Wan is for a much larger area like internet.

In the Packet Tracer network, how many WANs do you see?
2

How many LANs do you see?
3

